== todos ==

see if "no docu" is enough, if so update github, https://sourceware.org/bugzilla/show_bug.cgi?id=15183, email that guy, note to zeranoe (note newer binutils might work too)

lock in the mingw w64 svn version...
  use mingw 2.0.8 instead? if works, note to zeranoe
specifying a mingw-w64 revision might be nice
also after that guy gets back to me
 his mingw-w64 svn is a redirect...

check if mp4box.exe can actually run.

== maybe do ==

add vid.stab support?
  check for any other configs he uses?

make a prompt for "shared or not?"

I may not be using my "suggested super CFLAGS" everywhere quite right, should add to everywhere?

try out gcc 4.8.1, then tell zeranoe :P
  --gcc-ver=4.8.1

add mplayer cross option (mp4box too?)

warn on old yasm from the get go...tell them to update to Raring :) meh

it should notice when configure was originally from some other git commit...anyway today, if you go to ffmpeg, checkout a different branch, it doesn't reconfigure...

x264 pkg-config should specify -libpthread? (repro by compiling ffmpeg with windows threads, you'll see...)
  tell them? others that require tweaks also?

make march work with ffmpeg/x264
 compare speeds, plus 64 vs 32 bit for everything

tell those that fail with multi-threaded make

distribute "my own set of [I guess optimized?] binaries" that are processor optimized (if it even matters speed-wise LOL).
  though mine do have pthreads...but hopefully I can test and report and get the zeranoe ones built that way...share the workload :)

move all downloads to some place I control...maybe even "all" downloads LOL
  old downloads to sourceforge [?]

make it work on windows native...
  release a downloadable "click here to run it" to build full libfdk-aac on windows LOL

make the static vs. shared builds "a command line option/prompt"

release "some 10 bit, some not" ?

release some compiler optimized? does it make a difference? real installer?
  ancient debug builds, etc...hmm...sourceforge for legacy? yeah

add openmp, for libsoxr? (any other dependency?)

test fribidi git master (does 0.19.5 fail? it should?) with wine installed

tell orc+schro "you didn't well cross compile!"

check march=native (from laptop...)
  ffmpeg more? do I need to enable runtime detection when it's not? 
  libx264 still uses i686?
  more march stuff in "notes" file

calculate size of each piece, put it on a wiki somewhere...
  startup slowdown, too?

cleanup zeranoe suggs (from our chat)

parameters to the script
  an option to setup-compilers --arch

warn that we're not using it if they already have a toolchain in the PATH

support external toolchains
  then support "checking if they already have zlib installed into it"

--enable-none --enable-x264 --enable-all-gpl --enable-all-non-free

--extra-ffmpeg-options


"shared" builds option, like libavcodec-54.dll

complain for "everyone" that fails cross compile that I haven't yet...

march=native (others? vpx?)

dynamic aac somehow...prolly for something with > 2 audios...

see if it "builds ok" 64 bit with out the path or ABI thing

cleanup ramiro suggested for libgsm

test timings for first failure commits bisect-like[?]
  test really old with -threads 6...

does it affect "both" libx264 and/or just ffmpeg?
    Also, I wonder if x264 needs to be recompiled after every update to
    test? Does this issue root in FFmpeg or x264 possibly?

--disable-decoder=libvpx ?

not require prompts at all for the compiler
try and figure out if its pthreads that's giving me the speedup over his

profile guided builds?
  major libs
  everything

other "-march" like options? fastmath

use make -j 2 (more than one core)

x264 fomit frame pointer for 32 bit?
